GetPlayerIdentifiers changes. (#134)
citizenfx/fivem-docs: content/docs/scripting-reference/runtimes/lua/functions/GetPlayerIdentifiers.md

Returns a table containing all of the player’s identifiers.

> **Never try to get identifiers based on their index. Identifier positions MAY vary!!!!**

Reviewer: >MAY

Should be 'will'.

Examples
--------

Function that iterates user's current identifiers from GetPlayerIdentifiers() and return's them in usable table.
If an identifier is not present it will not be in the returned table. You can also check if user is missing any identifier by doing
`if  not GetAllIdentifiers(source).discord then`

```lua
function GetAllIdentifiers(player)
    local identifiers = {}

>     for i = 0, GetNumPlayerIdentifiers(player) - 1 do
>         local raw = GetPlayerIdentifier(player, i)
>         local source, value = raw:match("^([^:]+):(.+)$")
>         if source and value then
>             identifiers[source] = value
>         end
>     end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for key, raw in pairs(GetPlayerIdentifiers(player)) do
    local source, value = raw:match("^([^:]+):(.+)$")
    if source and value then
        identifiers[source] = value
    end
end
```

Reviewer 2: pairs/ipairs are about 2x as slow as i=

Good the way it is 😀

Reviewer 3: Yes, it's fine the way it is, but the `for i` variant doesn't actually include `GetPlayerIdentifiers`, and that's what this is supposed to document the usage of.
